speaking of villainous clowns the number
one movie at the box office this weekend
is expected to be Joker it's the origin
story of Batman's greatest foe and as we
have been known to do we ran it by our
in-house movie critic his name is Yaya
Yaya loves movies and he especially
loves movie stars he spent so much of
his life trying to get pictures with
them and here he is talking about the
movie Joker action hi it's me I talk
about the movie coming soon the movie
behind me is Joker Joker is Joaquin
Phoenix is it just me or is he getting
crazier out there
Batman is not in that movie only the
Joker before the Joker Jack Nicholson
the other one pass away he bled the
Joker shall legend you know yes a legend
and God bless him and also the guy who
do the Joker is calling Jacques reflect
something like that
what incidents his good actor he don't
lot a movie like you do the movie he
bled the guitar led through but sports
something and never conceded the movie
also and he makes sex with the computer
now we do the movie with Robert De Niro
and Robert De Niro him play like a token
show like jamika men like John la no I
don't get bitter Oh Johnny Carson I got
with the guy X Batman Steven something
and they get the guy Coppola Brian Wood
resident the general in the movie are
like a casino would the Sharlene stone
and he'll Robert De Niro he did the
movie in hospital is very not good with
let's rest off you got a gift my friend
and also you do the movie taxi driver
Marshall cursors is the director that
movie you know you say you talkin to me
I'm only the one here nobody here
I'm just gonna make a slide
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
I am Jimmy Kimmel click below to
subscribe to our YouTube channel or if
you want to be that way about it though